README.md, before:

# 🚀 Project Name

## 📌 Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [What It Does](#what-it-does)
- [How We Built It](#how-we-built-it)
- [Challenges We Faced](#challenges-we-faced)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Team](#team)

---

## 🎯 Introduction
A brief overview of your project and its purpose. Mention which problem statement are your attempting to solve. Keep it concise and engaging.

## 🎥 Demo
🔗 [Live Demo](#) (if applicable)  
📹 [Video Demo](#) (if applicable)  
🖼️ Screenshots:

![Screenshot 1](link-to-image)

## 💡 Inspiration
What inspired you to create this project? Describe the problem you're solving.

## ⚙️ What It Does
Explain the key features and functionalities of your project.

## 🛠️ How We Built It
Briefly outline the technologies, frameworks, and tools used in development.

## 🚧 Challenges We Faced
Describe the major technical or non-technical challenges your team encountered.

## 🏃 How to Run
1. Clone the repository  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo.git
   ```
2. Install dependencies  
   ```sh
   npm install  # or pip install -r requirements.txt (for Python)
   ```
3. Run the project  
   ```sh
   npm start  # or python app.py
   ```

## 🏗️ Tech Stack
- 🔹 Frontend: React / Vue / Angular
- 🔹 Backend: Node.js / FastAPI / Django
- 🔹 Database: PostgreSQL / Firebase
- 🔹 Other: OpenAI API / Twilio / Stripe

## 👥 Team
- **Your Name** - [GitHub](#) | [LinkedIn](#)
- **Teammate 2** - [GitHub](#) | [LinkedIn](#)

Commit message:

Fetch Mails,ClassifyMails,Detect Multiple Intent,MailsAPI final code without personal keys

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Gen AI Based Email Classification and OCR

## 📌 Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [What It Does](#what-it-does)
- [How We Built It](#how-we-built-it)
- [Challenges We Faced](#challenges-we-faced)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Team](#team)

---

## 🎯 Introduction
Classify the emails based on the subject and text into Request Type, Sub Request type and Confidence. 
Identify if any mail attachments are present. If yes, download and extract the text using OCR.
Identify the primary intent and other intents using the email body.
Able to use the services as an API


## 🎥 Demo
 
📹 [Video Demo](#) - Demo placed in the artifacts->demo folder



## 💡 Inspiration
Classifies the mails and identifies the intent type. Leverages gemini AI.

## ⚙️ What It Does
Classify the emails based on the subject and text into Request Type, Sub Request type and Confidence. 
Identify if any mail attachments are present. If yes, download and extract the text using OCR.
Identify the primary intent and other intents using the email body.
Able to use the services as an API

## 🛠️ How We Built It
Python used as main language.
Used gemini AI to perform the required features.
fastAPI for the api services.

## 🚧 Challenges We Faced
Free AI services has limitations on number of prompts.

## 🏃 How to Run

please follow playbook in artifacts->arch->PlayBook to understand how to run the process.
   ```

## 🏗️ Tech Stack
- 🔹 Python

## 👥 RCB Team
